chore(curriculum): Wrap strings in quotes in Learn Recursion by Building a Decimal to Binary Converter (#55126)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-recursion-by-building-a-decimal-to-binary-converter/645ccf7ec9aca267d84b053e.md

Then, since `a()` calls `b()`, the function `b()` is added to the call stack.

> Next, add the following string to your `callStack` array: ``` `b(): returns "is " + c()` ```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, add the following string to your `callStack` array: `"b(): returns 'is ' + c()"`.
```

assert.isTrue(callStack.every((element) => typeof element === "string"));
```

> The second element in `callStack` should be the string ``` `b(): returns "is " + c()` ```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second element in `callStack` should be the string `"b(): returns 'is ' + c()"`.
```
